Point SDK notebook users to Authentication notebook (#360)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [PEP 440](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0440/)
and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [7.7.1]

### Changed

> * SDK example notebook now references the HyP3 authentication notebook during the authentication section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SDK example notebook now references the HyP3 authentication notebook in the authentication section. 
```

> * Link the HyP3 Documentation website in the HyP3 authentication notebook. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The hyp3-docs authentication documentation page is linked in the HyP3 authentication notebook. 
```
